POWERMON-576 0.5 Release Notes (#95772)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/power-monitoring-ref_release-notes-tp-0-5-removed-features.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:

// * power_monitoring/power-monitoring-assembly-tp-0-5-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="power-monitoring-0-5-removed-features_{context}"]
= Power monitoring 0.5 (Technology Preview) removed features

* In the Red Hat OpenShift power monitoring technology preview 0.5 release, the `Kepler` custom resource has been removed. Use the `PowerMonitor` custom resource instead.

> * In the Red Hat OpenShift power monitoring technology preview 0.5 release, the Redfish configuration has been removed. It is no longer supported in previous versions of power monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the Red Hat OpenShift power monitoring technology preview 0.5 release, the Redfish configuration has been removed. It is no longer supported in the current version of power monitoring. Support of Redfish is planned for future releases. 
```
